Update the terminology Docker instructions in the readme to include the use of a .env file, and add that file to the .ignores (#112)
onc-healthit/inferno-program: README.md

Prerequisites:
* A UMLS account
* A working Docker toolchain, which has been assigned at least 10GB of RAM (The Metathesaurus step requires 8GB of RAM for the Java process)

>   * Note: the Docker terminology process will not run unless Docker has access to at least this much RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Note: the Docker terminology process will not run unless Docker has access to at least this 10GB of RAM.
```

otherwise I could see some folks getting confused about whether 10 or 8 GB is required from the bullet above.

* A copy of the Inferno repository, which contains the required Docker and Ruby files

You can prebuild the terminology docker container by running the following command:
```sh
docker-compose -f terminology_compose.yml build
```
Once the container is built, you will have to add your UMLS username and passwords to a file named `.env` at the root of the inferno project. The file should look like this:
```sh
UMLS_USERNAME=<your UMLS username>
UMLS_PASSWORD=<your UMLS password>
```
Once that file exists, you can run the terminology creation task by using the following commands, in order:
```sh
docker-compose -f terminology_compose.yml up
```
This will run the terminology creation steps in order, using the UMLS credentials supplied in `.env`. These tasks may take several hours. If the creation task is cancelled in progress and restarted, it will restart after the last _completed_ step. Intermediate files are saved to `tmp/terminology` in the Inferno repository that the Docker Compose job is run from, and the validators are saved to `resources/terminology/validators/bloom`, where Inferno can use them for validation.

> #### Cleanup

Reviewer: Under cleanup should we let the user know that they may optionally remove any of the files in the `tmp` if desired to free up space, but that maintaining them will allow terminology validators to be recretaed more quickly by allowing the application to skip the initial steps of downloading and processing the UMLS terminology files?

Author: Seems reasonable.
